High in this video we are going to talk about how to build an outdoor network that's capable of learning
the logical relationships and logical relationship the X or logical relationship the logical relationship
and so on.
So first I would like to create an that.
OK let's import.
By the way these packages supervise data side of build network and back propagation trainer because
we are going to train or network with the help of back propagation.
So I would like to build the network way to input on three hidden ones and the single output.
Now we're on.
And I would like to use biased nodes.
OK.
And I would like to create a data that is equal to supervise data set with two inputs and a single output
or the target variable.
And I would like to.
Sorry for that odd sample.
And the first one is 0 0 and the output is 0.
I'm going to copy and paste it.
So as far as the and logical relation is concerned.
So this is the and logical relation when the inputs are 0 0 the output is 0 input is 1 0.
The output is 0.
The inputs are 0 1 the output is 0.
And when the inputs are 1 and 1 The output is going to be warm.
OK.
So then I'm going to instantiate the back propagation trainer and we have to specify the OWN network
itself.
Then we have to specify the data set which is equal to the data.
So this is the data that we have specified here.
We have to define the learning rate is equal to 0.01 and we have to define the momentum to be equal
to 0.06.
OK so let's see whether it's working fine.
I'm going to train the now on network in the range you want to for example 10000.
So we will make 10000 iterations.
The Arab world is equal to the train or that train.
OK.
And if the AI modulo 8000 is equal to zero what does it mean that I would like to printout on every
thousand's iteration that was the arrow or so I'm going to print that arrow or in iteration.
And by the time the eye is and by of time the air or OK I think it's going to work just fine.
Now I would like to pretend that now we're on that over that actually weight on 0 0 for example.
So we would like to take a look at.
OK.
However now the network is working at that moment.
So zero on one and one and after we did all the 10000 iterations I would like to pretend Final Solution
and results and I would like the printer again this one so I'm going to copy and paste it.
OK.
Something like this.
Get rid of the unnecessary whitespace as something like this.
OK let's say that.
And I think it's going to work just fine.
I'm going to put a new line corrector there that say that.
OK so that's wrong the python now on a network for I.
OK we got an unexpected learning rate of course because it's not cameral Kaysing.
It's learning rate like this.
Let's say that I think it's going to work just fine.
And as you can see we have made a thousand iteration then the 2000 iteration as you can see the arrow
is keep decreasing which means that on our own network is going to make better and better predictions
as you can see 0 0 0 0 and approximately 1.
And this is what we are looking for because in the data that we have specified it we would like to learn
this and logical relationship.
And as you can see if we make for example 10000 iteration I would like to make 20000 iteration at the
end of the procedure or the network is capable of learning this and logical relationship.
So let's see if we make twice as much iterations.
Maybe it's going to work even better.
OK.
There's a huge error at the beginning as you can see it's not going to work just fine.
But in the course of training or now all of that work is going to make better and better predictions.
And of course this is what we are looking for and it's very important.
OK as you can see it's very very little numbers and algates working just fine as you can see the error
rate is very very small.
So the final result is mine they say that six times stand to the power of mind a sudden it is a very
very little number 0 8 0 0 0 0 0 8 6 and something like this.
As you can see it is very very close to one.
So the error is two dots three times ten to the power of minus 12.
So it's working very very fine.
Let's see if we would like to learn the X or logical relation that it's going to work fine or not.
So 0 1 0 1 0 for the targets I'm going to clear the console and rerun it again at the beginning of course
there's a huge arrow term but in the course of learning as you can see we get the 0 1 1 0 resort and
this is what we are looking for.
Now real network is capable of learning the given pattern according to the data set.
OK let's wait for finishing the learning.
And as you can see we have the approximately zero approximately one approximately one approximately
zero.
So we have managed to learn the Axert operation.
What about the or logical operation.
OK so let's read on or an hour on that work training by the way.
You can see that training in our own network is quite slow.
It's not going to be as fast as training a logistic regression or training for example or support back
Bactrim machine training and our network is quite slow compared to other learning techniques.
So that's where it's going to make good predictions for the logical relations or not.
As you can see it's going to make.
We can see that finally resolve this it is approximately zero.
It is approximately one.
It is approximately warm.
So this is what we are after.
We wanted to learn this pattern and we have managed to learn the and the x or Andy or logical relations.
So thats all about this very very simple hello world program basically.
Thanks for watching.